the fed's worst nightmare is going on
right now and we are going to explain
why it's important not just for the FED
but for you too you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you I'm
going to show you the charts we'll
discuss this and we have to look at
what's happening not just with the
Federal Reserve and these guys that are
unelected we've got to talk about you
the individual look the prices of things
are going up and we keep hearing about
this major deflation that's going to
take the World by storm and it's going
to make every cheaper for you don't
worry I got you and in reality what's
actually happening is the prices keep
going up and up and up and we don't see
it letting up down anytime soon there's
just a problem here because the solution
to this crisis is what they always
provide more death more money Printing
and more of the same when have we ever
had a difference in policy that doesn't
occur you could look back as far as you
want they always do the same thing they
debase your currency they used to clip
the coins they used to dilute the money
in some way now they just add more zeros
into the accounts and shift that money
somewhere around the world and here we
go at the end of this system where it's
not a good thing that we end the current
one because let me tell you what's
coming next is even worse I want to show
you what's happening today starting with
this you're getting a lot of these typ
type of Articles being written Steve Cen
says the FED may have a hard time
getting inflation down to its goal there
is an issue because as we have always
said I mean this is you know from the
beginning that when you get to a certain
point inflation becomes sticky it's hard
for certain things to come down that was
the expectation and now we're dealing
with this of course at the same time the
Federal Reserve is unable to move any
higher on their interest rates with outs
sparking chaos uh-oh do you mean that
they're not done yet I thought it was
all over Powell said it was going to be
done well we'll see what happens of
course in time in the next few months
we're going to get some major news is it
going to be a rate cut or are they just
going to hold where they are that's what
I want to know from you let's pull the
audience down below will we see a rate
cut in June July time frame will we see
um you know leaving them where they are
the rates or will we actually see a rate
increase I would like to know and we can
all see each other's comments and kind
of have a good idea of what people
believe is going to happen accelerating
super core inflation poses a problem for
the fed the so-called super core
inflation re accelerated in March
raising more uncomfortable questions at
the fed you can look at the different
measurements is z core inflation are you
looking at the pce are you looking at
the CP I it doesn't matter where we look
ultimately what's important to you is
the fact that prices have been rising
I'm going to show you some charts and
you can visualize what's actually
happening when you look at the numbers I
know that inflation is everywhere every
single part of my business the price of
the things that I have to deal with have
gone up uh some of that stuff is just a
pure ripoff but of course this is you
know regardless you got to you got to
pay that amount whether you like it or
not with inflation back up the long
predicted storm clouds in the economy
may actually be forming and so you could
see this different um measurements as
I've said progress on inflation is
moving in the wrong direction new
inflation numbers come out they say that
they're increasing where is this this is
uh both on the consumer side as well as
the producer side so the raw materials
uh in that instance have been increasing
we're looking at Gasoline increasing
things are going as they say certainly
in the wrong direction economists who
predicted no 2024 interest rate Cuts
blames the FED for inflation's
Resurgence and so we're seeing a lot of
this right now um you know these things
change fast over the last few months
we've seen the Federal Reserve going
from well I'm not so sure and it's oh
it's going to be for sure this and then
suddenly they're back to this
again I of course don't know what
they're starting to talk about now is
the middle of the year to look at rate
Cuts Powell said this in the last
meeting they never did this was like a
big change and I did a video about it at
the time Powell had said we are going to
start looking at rate Cuts they they've
never said that they always said we're
data dependent we're going to make sure
da d da all this stuff but they actually
referenced that in the fomc meeting uh
the conference that took place and so
you get these guys coming out there with
their predictions and things I don't
worry too much about that I worry about
how people are affected by the decisions
that are made that's what's really
important this shows us the PPI the
producer price um producer price index
which is basically the way that we look
at like the raw materials which
eventually makes its way into the
Consumer Price Index or CPI and so you
could see right there that it has surged
to a level we haven't seen since earlier
in 201 23 this is definitely not what
the FED wanted like I said doesn't
matter about the FED who cares about
these unelected guys what we need to
realize here is that if it's surging
well that means they can't cut interest
rates anytime soon and so the pressure
mounts all the problems that we had a
few months ago or you know time flies
little while ago is just going to be
even worse that that second wave could
be absolutely worse
you're looking at the national average
gasoline price
$4 is sort of a psychological breaking
point when we get to that level of
course you might see difference in Texas
to California huge differential there
but when we get to like that $4 level
just people are like I can't take this I
don't like this I don't like the guy in
charge I want the next guy in they start
to get frustrated and of course this is
something
that even if you the individual can do
without or you can reduce your
consumption it's still everything is
being delivered everything is moving
from one place to another they start
putting fuel search charges on all of
your bills and things I mean it's
ridiculous uh but of course they never
seem to go away even when the price
comes down right what about this so it
would have actually been much much worse
but look here PPI gasoline prices
seasonally adjusted and actual
seasonally adjusted did those were
down hey everything's good right that's
why the PPI didn't go further but you're
looking at the not easily adjusted oh
actually it's up
6.3% the seasonal adjustments are there
I know this well you can't well it makes
it you know better to look at all the
they shouldn't do any seasonal
adjustments in my opinion because that
is a literally an intentional skewing of
the numbers but here we are and so what
happens here is we we go into this
massive debt at these higher interest
rates and as I've said before that we
are paying an enormous amount on
interest before the things that we need
as people are given to us all the basics
this is just a breakdown you could look
at the ins and outs of
government but you can see here for the
United States us interest payment
scenarios us interest payments and rates
projections so the you can see the uh
projection depending like are they going
to cut are they not going to cut okay so
if they keep rates stable that's the
light blue line by the end of 2024
1.6 trillion dollar if they cut by
1.5% okay several rate
Cuts December 2024
1.2 trillion
either way it's
absurd one point the potential of $ 1.6
trillion being paid to interest before
your roads and bridges are getting
worked on before your Social Security
before all you know the I should say the
social assistance
programs all of that stuff the most
important thing thing that they will not
be able to cut out is the interest now
what do you think that does to the
fabric of
society of course it creates a problem
and you wonder oh you know what we need
to vote this guy out we need to get the
next guy in oh you know what the the
issue is here oh it's that politician no
you have to understand
something this comes very fundamentally
of how this system was created out of
debt it's done on purpose what we're
seeing today is simply all a part of the
plan if you agree with me hit that
thumbs up if you disagree hit that
thumbs down that's what it's there
for look here us interest expense versus
defense I love that word defense
spending here we go looking at this you
could see gross interest expense that
has you know obviously been increasing
over the last few years just compare
that I mean it's it's crazy going Beyond
defense spending of course it doesn't
include the black budgets and things but
it's getting oddly close to how much the
United States spends Social
Security that's that's un and that's a
problem right that you see that doctors
making
$350,000 are struggling to find Long
Island homes they're making 350k of
course they're not taking home 350 and
they can't find a home because the homes
are a million and those I'm sure are
probably fixer uppers and they don't
have the work from home they don't have
you know an off a room for an office or
maybe you know they got two kids they
got three kids there's not enough space
so of course it's not a $1 million home
it might be a $2 million home might be a
$3 million home and so on you got to
realize what's happening here this is a
debasement of the currency intentionally
done so so that you have a lower and
lower and lower standard of living if
that doct making 350 cannot afford the
average home what does that put the
average guy of course that's a problem
and so that's why I've been telling
everybody you've got to start making
much more just to be able to live the
average life so no longer is average
salary or average household income
giving you the average life not at all
in fact it's about to get much worse
this is why I try to help everybody on
my live sessions there's a small group
of people who actually want to know who
actually want to make a difference in
their life who actually want to be able
to take you know well beyond anything
that is going to be taught to them by
anybody and that's what I do Fridays we
talk about Finance Sundays we talk about
online business and Beyond online
business and I hope you join there Link
in the description at the top don't
forget to hit that thumbs up button on
the way out and don't forget as well
tomorrow I'm putting out a video that
you got to watch I'll see you then take
care